README.md, before:

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cybozu-go/netutil.svg?maxAge=60)][releases]
[![CI](https://github.com/cybozu-go/netutil/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cybozu-go/netutil/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/cybozu-go/netutil.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil)

Add-ons for networking
======================

This package overrides a package of the same name.

Features
--------

* Functions for IPv4/v6 address calculations.
* Functions to identify network errors.
* Functions for TLS constants.
* Utilities for TCP keep-alive.
* Interface to half-close connections.
* [golang.org/x/net/netutil](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/net/netutil) functions.

Usage
-----

Read [the documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil).

License
-------

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[releases]: https://github.com/cybozu-go/netutil/releases

Commit message:

Change LICENSE from MIT to Apache2.0 (#18)
* Change LICENSE from MIT to Apache2.0

Signed-off-by: Daichi Sakaue <daichi-sakaue@cybozu.co.jp>

README.md, after:

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cybozu-go/netutil.svg?maxAge=60)][releases]
[![CI](https://github.com/cybozu-go/netutil/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cybozu-go/netutil/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/cybozu-go/netutil.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil)

Add-ons for networking
======================

This package overrides a package of the same name.

Features
--------

* Functions for IPv4/v6 address calculations.
* Functions to identify network errors.
* Functions for TLS constants.
* Utilities for TCP keep-alive.
* Interface to half-close connections.
* [golang.org/x/net/netutil](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/net/netutil) functions.

Usage
-----

Read [the documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cybozu-go/netutil).

License
-------

netutil is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

[releases]: https://github.com/cybozu-go/netutil/releases
